README.md, before:

## CUBE RUNNER
A simple 3D game where the player controls a cube and tries to avoid obstacles on a beam.


## ABOUT THE GAME
I had originally followed [a YouTube tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDXKp-OKxGs) by Charger Games on mobile game development for Android in Unity3D. However, after completing the tutorial, I realized that the end product was lacking in a lot of aspects, and the way the game worked in scoring was incredibly lazy. Shortly after making some adjustments and experimenting, I decided to add some features to the game and make it my own rendition.


## FEATURES
- **Score System:** The game now has a score system that is based on the number of obstacles the player has passed. I will be adding a high score system in the future.
- **Obstacle Spawning:** The game now spawns obstacles at random heights and at varying speeds (they also spawn in random colours).
- **Pause Menu:** The game now has a pause menu that can be accessed by pressing the pause button in the top right corner of the screen. I will be adding more options to the pause menu in the future.

## TO-DO
- [ ] Add a high score system.
- [ ] Add a main menu.
- [ ] Add a game over screen.
- [ ] Add a settings menu.
- [ ] Add more to the pause menu.

## DEMO
You can download a copy of the APK [here](./Builds/CubeRunner1.apk).

Commit message:

added materials, rotating blocks, new build

README.md, after:

## CUBE RUNNER
A simple 3D game where the player controls a cube and tries to avoid obstacles on a beam.


## ABOUT THE GAME
I had originally followed [a YouTube tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDXKp-OKxGs) by Charger Games on mobile game development for Android in Unity3D. However, after completing the tutorial, I realized that the end product was lacking in a lot of aspects, and the way the game worked in scoring was incredibly lazy. Shortly after making some adjustments and experimenting, I decided to add some features to the game and make it my own rendition.


## FEATURES
- **Score System:** The game now has a score system that is based on the number of obstacles the player has passed. I will be adding a high score system in the future.
- **Obstacle Spawning:** The game now spawns randomly-coloured obstacles at random heights, varying speeds, and sometimes rotate.
- **Pause Menu:** The game now has a pause menu that can be accessed by pressing the pause button in the top right corner of the screen. I will be adding more options to the pause menu in the future.
- **Materials:** Added a few materials to the game to make it look more appealing.

## TO-DO
- [ ] Add a high score system.
- [ ] Add a main menu.
- [ ] Add a game over screen.
- [ ] Add a settings menu.
- [ ] Add more to the pause menu.
- [ ] Add a materials shop and a currency system.

## DEMO
You can download a copy of the APK [here](./Builds/CubeRunner1.1.apk).
